ok time to build me a soemthing good 

Hey sharks !!!
Vishal this side, I am A btech unergrad currently in my 7th sem and going to gradauate soon with majors in ice.
well u must be thinking ice what ice u mean water in solid format. well, no its instrumentation and control....
now u must be wodering this doesnt relate to cs related branch wth is this guy doing here ?? 
well its a long backstory but to keep it simple i just love computers like there is no one faster than them and that amazes me
how much i can do more with them how much i can more push them to the limit. How many more applications i can find blockchain, websites 
,apps, communiation , calculation , machine learning ahh i love the fact it has so much to offer and so much that i still go unnoticed 
how can we go from rocks to cloud databases like wth. it makes me sometimes question the fact were we really apes at some point XDD.

Now lets get to the main dish U asked me to sell myself. please take me for a minimum wage worker (begs) i really wanna work(begs) 
(ahh i wish it would be that simple lol)

so lets get the selling started shall we 
lets start with some of my tech backround
(serious) 
i have been coding in java from last 3 years, i have been building websites i am proefficient in  html css and javascript 
i have a fairly good expirence with react for frontend dev and node for backend dev. i also know python because of my school background 
in fact i am currently working on a project that checks if your heart is in good condition or not. using ml (serious)
I am well aware of the latest tech trends how gemini and gpt are trying to comeout on top. how the llm's are getting very famous 
these days like chatgpt and gemini banana nano. 

Now the question why you should be hiring me when you got 100s of others 
well they're not me simply 
have u realised i am an introvert ?? 
have u realised that i might be reading this all from notepad??
U might think this is ai generated but its not 
even though i am an intervoert i prioritize work what should be done, should be done at any costs 
i am very competitve and business oriented i love when i get results of the hardwork no feeling beats that for me
and i am a talented learner i am the worst when it comes to cram. its simply i cant mug up things at all
but what i can do is understand so deeply that no one of those 100 can beat me..
(serious)

(happy playful smile)with that lets conclude the pitch i am very grateful for this oppotunity u gave me to represent myself thanks sharks () 
(smile playful)

............
Hey Sharks (aka the Salescode Team),

Vishal here. I’m a 7th-semester undergrad majoring in ICE. And before you ask—no, that’s not frozen water.
 It’s Instrumentation and Control Engineering.

I know what you're thinking: "Why is a hardware guy applying for a software role?"

The honest answer? I’m just obsessed with computers. It actually blows my mind that we went from 
rubbing rocks together to building cloud databases that power the entire world. I want to be the guy building the 
next evolution of that, not just watching it happen.

So, here is my pitch to you:

I know you need builders, not just people who memorized a textbook. I’ve been coding in Java for the last 3 years
 (I know that's your core). I’m also solid with React, Node.js, and the usual web stack.

Right now, I’m deep into a project using Machine Learning to detect heart conditions. 
It’s tough, but I love the logic behind it.

Why pick me over the 100 CS majors applying?

Because I don’t cram. I understand. I might be an introvert
 (you won’t catch me screaming the loudest in the meeting), but I am fiercely competitive. 
I treat code like a business product—it has to work, it has to be fast, and it has to deliver value.

I know Salescode is all about speed and "Sales Uplift." I want to bring that same energy to the dev team.

I’m not asking for a handout. I’m just asking for a challenge.

So, Sharks... who's ready to make a deal?

Best, Vishal

